one is going on as Danny and welcome
back map of the day I was just trying to
record this video and I said xbox and I
somehow set on it it turned on my xbox
right at the end of the video and TV
started playing and it was just a
disaster but I want to show you guys
this map for several reasons one big
quick thing to keep in mind though as I
go over this next week is this is PC
week I'm going to be doing just pc maps
basically this week and as I am changing
map of the day into a seven days a week
type thing there is going to be a lot of
PC maps but you can convert any of them
there's a link in the description to let
you convert these pc maps and take them
over to the xbox if you would like them
so hope you guys can bear with me is
that as we wait for the xbox one
playstation 4 version of Minecraft to
come out hopefully we'll start to see
more maps then but anyway so on with the
map i'm going to show you guys why I
love this map and that is the fact that
look at these sales there is wind in
these sales which is just really really
cool i mean i'm sure it's not something
that's completely new and ever before
done but i don't see that a lot in a lot
of the maps i check out that have ships
I don't see the wind in the sales like I
do on this one and that is just really
cool normally you just have a flat sale
and so that is just really awesome props
to the designer for that as you can say
just really cool I like the black and
red on that as well and then on the ship
there's some purple there's like a
purple little trim thing going on there
some purple down here as well so it is a
fantasy ship and it is just a really
cool design really be in time for you to
explore but it is just again really
really cool design if you look towards
the back here I love this how this hangs
off with spider webs instead of you know
like sticks like most people do like
fencing I like how that spider webs
instead and then up here we've got these
on the top as well so again short map
sorry about that but again I am going to
be doing these map of the day videos
seven days a week and that's because you
guys are freaking awesome thanks so much
for the support if you wouldn't mind
just clicking that like button helps me
a ton if we can get this video to 50
likes that would be freaking amazing you
guys are the best I will see you
tomorrow and another map of the day till
then take
hey guys thanks so much for watching my
video just real quick before you go I
just want to let you know that my
girlfriend Emily and I will be traveling
to africa this summer to help with some
things such as schooling and healthcare
but we need your help we have a go fund
me page don't tell you everything about
it it's in the description there's also
a ton of awesome prizes and rewards for
things such as private game sessions
with myself signed posters and more
every single donation actually comes
with an awesome bracelet that says
Africa and then it has a awesome message
on the inside so just a big thank you
guys so much for watching my videos I
appreciate you taking the time to watch
this little outro here if you'd like to
learn more then I can help us out a
little with the links are in the
description again we're headed down
forget that help with some things such
as that schooling healthcare all kinds
of things like that for about three
weeks if you like to learn more again
there's a link in the description if
it's not your thing don't sweat it but
thanks so much for watching till next
time you guys have the best